Template: surfids-logserver/empty
Type: note
Description: Input cannot be an empty string
 You have to enter a value in the previous
 question.

Template: surfids-logserver/dbhost
Type: string
Default: localhost
Description: Database host:
 Enter the hostname or IP address of the 
 machine that is hosting your database. If you 
 aren't planning on separating the database
 from the logging server, you can just use
 localhost here.

Template: surfids-logserver/dbport
Type: string
Default: 5432
Description: Database listening port:
 Enter the port number that your PostgreSQL
 database uses for incoming connections. The 
 default port for a standard PostgreSQL 
 installation is 5432.

Template: surfids-logserver/dbname
Type: string
Default: idsserver
Description: Database name:
 Enter the name of your database. The default 
 value should be good enough for most cases.

Template: surfids-logserver/adminuser
Type: string
Default: postgres
Description: Admin database user:
 If you already have an administrative user for your 
 PostgreSQL installation, enter this name here.
 .
 NOTE: The administrative user for your PostgreSQL
 installation needs to exist before continuing. If
 you don't have one yet, you can create one by 
 issuing this command on your database server:
 sudo -u postgres createuser -s -d -r -P adminuser

Template: surfids-logserver/adminuserpass
Type: string
Description: Admin database user password:
 Enter the password you are using for your administrative 
 PostgreSQL user. 

Template: surfids-logserver/webuser
Type: string
Default: idslog
Description: SURFids database user:
 Enter the username of the user that will be handling
 the database connections. This user will be created 
 if it does not already exists.

Template: surfids-logserver/webuserpass
Type: string
Description: SURFids database user password:
 Enter the password you want to use for the SURFids database
 user.

Template: surfids-logserver/nepenthespass
Type: string
Description: SURFids database user (nepenthes) password:
 Enter the password you want to use for the nepenthes 
 database user. This user is used by Nepenthes for 
 connecting to the database.

Template: surfids-logserver/pofuserpass
Type: string
Description: SURFids database user (pofuser) password:
 Enter the password you want to use for the pofuser. 
 This user is used by p0f for connecting to the database.

Template: surfids-logserver/argospass
Type: string
Description: SURFids database user (argos) password:
 Enter the password you want to use for the argos 
 database user. This user is used by the SURFids Argos
 scripts to connect to the database.

Template: surfids-logserver/geoipdb
Type: boolean
Description: Do you want to download the latest GeoIP database?
 The GeoIP database is used in the webinterface to 
 match IP addresses with their correspondant geographical
 location.

Template: surfids-logserver/noconn
Type: note
Description: Database connection failed
 A connection to the database could not be made. You can 
 go back and enter different connection info if you 
 think you have made a mistake or if you want to 
 retry the connection.
 .
 Before continuing, a connection must be possible.
